All right we made it.
This is the section that a lot of you probably have been waiting for.
It's where we connect my ass.
Well not to just a random node file but to a web application which is really just a random node file
that has some other code in it.
We haven't seen yet but that's what we'll see in this section.
So we're going to build a very simple app that serves as sort of a mailing list for a startup slash
Colt c u l t c o l t or Colts.
It's very hard to say but that's how we're going to build mailing list application that you know we
could collect emails before we launch a product or something or collect emails before the world or whatever
we're worrying about.
So we're going to see how to do that in this section.
It's going to be mainly a catalog.
So it's going to function really I'm going to show you something then you'll do it yourself and I'll
show you something else and you'll do it.
There's not going to be you know a ton of new content as far as my as well as concerned really none.
It's really all the auxilary stuff that goes into a web app.
So if you don't know anything about web development I should preface this by saying there's going to
be a lot of stuff here and this is one section right this could be a whole course on development.
In fact some people have built courses on web development.
This is not a course on webdav So it's an hour or so of content not 40 hours of content.
So don't get overwhelmed just follow along and build it.
If you are someone who knows development some of this may seem a little bit slow for you.
For for example and I'm talking about H.M.S. assess feel free to skip.
I mean feel free to skip whenever you want but in particular those sections.
So that's pretty much all I have to say here.
Congratulations on making it to this point.
Very exciting.
Hopefully you can see how to make an app Bleus very jazzed about it aren't you.
Blue blue.
That's about the most excited she ever gets.
I miss dogs.